.TH "MASS-CHROOT" "8" "May 2022" "orchanixos-chroot" "OrchanixOS System Utilities"
.hy
.SH NAME
.PP
orchanixos-chroot - an easy to use and convenient wrapper around chroot.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]orchanixos-chroot\f[R] <\f[I]chroot_dir\f[R]> [\f[I]optional_custom_command\f[R]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[B]orchanixos-chroot\f[R] is a wrapper around chroot designed to make life easier for OrchanixOS developers and anyone else who uses chroot a lot.

\f[B]orchanixos-chroot\f[R] will automatically mount the needed virtual filesystems (/dev, /proc, /sys, etc.), so you don't have to mount them manually, and will also automatically unmount them when you exit the chroot.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.PP
\f[B]orchanixos-chroot\f[R] will exit with the same exit status as that of the program which was run. This is normally 0 for success and >0 for failure. The status is also verbosely reported.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\f[B]orchanixos-chroot /mnt/orchanixos\f[R]
Enters a chroot environment in /mnt/orchanixos and launches the default shell.
.TP
\f[B]orchanixos-chroot /mnt/orchanixos /bin/bash --login\f[R]
Enters a chroot environment in /mnt/orchanixos and launches a login Bash shell.
.SH BUGS
.PP
Report bugs to <https://github.com/OrchanixOS/OrchanixOS/issues>.

NOTE: Please first check that your issue has not yet been fixed in the development branch!
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright (C) 2022 OrchanixOS Developers.

This software is part of the OrchanixOS system, and is licensed under the GNU GPLv3+.

A copy of the license can be found at /usr/share/orchanixos/LICENSE on a OrchanixOS system.

It can also be found at <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
